Querier: deprecates max-query-into-future (#7496)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Distributor: Change`-distributor.enable-otlp-metadata-storage` flag's default to true, and deprecate it. The flag will be removed in Mimir 2.14. #7366
* [CHANGE] Store-gateway: Use a shorter TTL for cached items related to temporary blocks. #7407
* [CHANGE] Standardise exemplar label as "trace_id". #7475

> * [CHANGE] The configuration options `-querier.max-query-into-future` have been deprecated and will be removed in Mimir 2.14. #7496

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [CHANGE] The configuration option `-querier.max-query-into-future` has been deprecated and will be removed in Mimir 2.14. #7496
```
